content/credits.md, before:

+++
title = "Credits: Copyright and Licenses"
date = "2022-12-21"
aliases = ["licenses", "attributions"]
+++


The Qibo brand and logo are the intellectual property of [Unstatic Labs](https://unstaticlabs.com), created by Valentin Viennot and Roget Miret Giné ((c) 2022-2023).

### Illustrations

All original illustrations featured in the Qibo app and websites are the intellectual property of Unstatic Labs and its creators.

All non-original illustrations are licensed under CC BY terms:

- **The Qibo character and animation is the creation of [Kirill Meshkov](https://twitter.com/moonk) ([rockingelevator](https://rive.app/@rockingelevator/)), named "[Quiz Time](https://rive.app/community/3686-7699-quiz-time/)" and licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).**
- Other animations from [Kirill Meshkov](https://twitter.com/moonk) ([rockingelevator](https://rive.app/@rockingelevator/)) licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) are being used in the Qibo app: [Pathfinder](https://rive.app/community/3902-8169-pathfinder/), [Impatient Placeholder](https://rive.app/community/2492-5015-impatient-placeholder/), [Milkshake bomb](https://rive.app/community/1242-2394-milkshake-bomb/).
- Icons are licensed under [CC-BY 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) from [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/):
  - "[Alert](https://thenounproject.com/icon/alert-5386525/)", by [Aurel](https://thenounproject.com/garudaindonesia970/)
  - "[Dice](https://thenounproject.com/icon/dice-1765632/)", by [Andy Ivandikov](https://thenounproject.com/andy6556/)
  - "[Gem](https://thenounproject.com/icon/gem-1215009/)", by [Andri Widodo](https://thenounproject.com/andriwidodo21/)
  - "[Keyboard](https://thenounproject.com/icon/keyboard-4791432/)", by [FR Icons](https://thenounproject.com/fr-icons/)
  - "[Microphone](https://thenounproject.com/icon/microphone-730104/)", by [Maxim Kulikov](https://thenounproject.com/maxim221/)
  - "[Paper Plane](https://thenounproject.com/icon/paper-plane-4450394/)", by [Lufti Gani Al Achmad](https://thenounproject.com/lutfidiarycoc/)
  - "[Thumb](https://thenounproject.com/icon/thumb-2286698/)", by [Travis Avery](https://thenounproject.com/travisavery/)

The askqibo.com website is built using Hugo and based on the "Hugo Fresh" [theme](https://github.com/StefMa/hugo-fresh) licensed under [the MIT License](https://github.com/StefMa/hugo-fresh/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

add open fonts to credits

content/credits.md, after:

+++
title = "Credits: Copyright and Licenses"
date = "2022-12-21"
aliases = ["licenses", "attributions"]
+++


The Qibo brand and logo are the intellectual property of [Unstatic Labs](https://unstaticlabs.com), created by Valentin Viennot and Roget Miret Giné ((c) 2022-2023).

### Illustrations

All original illustrations featured in the Qibo app and websites are the intellectual property of Unstatic Labs and its creators.

All non-original illustrations are licensed under CC BY terms:

- **The Qibo character and animation is the creation of [Kirill Meshkov](https://twitter.com/moonk) ([rockingelevator](https://rive.app/@rockingelevator/)), named "[Quiz Time](https://rive.app/community/3686-7699-quiz-time/)" and licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).**

- Other animations from [Kirill Meshkov](https://twitter.com/moonk) ([rockingelevator](https://rive.app/@rockingelevator/)) licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) are being used in the Qibo app: [Pathfinder](https://rive.app/community/3902-8169-pathfinder/), [Impatient Placeholder](https://rive.app/community/2492-5015-impatient-placeholder/), [Milkshake bomb](https://rive.app/community/1242-2394-milkshake-bomb/).

- Icons are licensed under [CC-BY 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) from [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/):
  - "[Alert](https://thenounproject.com/icon/alert-5386525/)", by [Aurel](https://thenounproject.com/garudaindonesia970/)
  - "[Dice](https://thenounproject.com/icon/dice-1765632/)", by [Andy Ivandikov](https://thenounproject.com/andy6556/)
  - "[Gem](https://thenounproject.com/icon/gem-1215009/)", by [Andri Widodo](https://thenounproject.com/andriwidodo21/)
  - "[Keyboard](https://thenounproject.com/icon/keyboard-4791432/)", by [FR Icons](https://thenounproject.com/fr-icons/)
  - "[Microphone](https://thenounproject.com/icon/microphone-730104/)", by [Maxim Kulikov](https://thenounproject.com/maxim221/)
  - "[Paper Plane](https://thenounproject.com/icon/paper-plane-4450394/)", by [Lufti Gani Al Achmad](https://thenounproject.com/lutfidiarycoc/)
  - "[Thumb](https://thenounproject.com/icon/thumb-2286698/)", by [Travis Avery](https://thenounproject.com/travisavery/)

- All fonts used on the Qibo app are licensed under the [Open Font License](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL):
    - [PT Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/PT+Sans/about) Designed by [ParaType](https://fonts.google.com/?query=ParaType)
    - [Klee One](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Klee+One/about) Designed by [Fontworks Inc](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Fontworks+Inc.).

### Website

The askqibo.com website is built using Hugo and based on the "Hugo Fresh" [theme](https://github.com/StefMa/hugo-fresh) licensed under [the MIT License](https://github.com/StefMa/hugo-fresh/blob/master/LICENSE).
